Update README.md (#407)
PrismLauncher/PrismLauncher: README.md

    <img src="https://repology.org/badge/vertical-allrepos/prismlauncher.svg" alt="Packaging status" align="right">
</a>

- All downloads and instructions for Prism Launcher can be found on our [Website](https://prismlauncher.org/download/).
- Last build status can be found in the [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/PrismLauncher/PrismLauncher/actions).

### Development Builds

There are development builds available [here](https://github.com/PrismLauncher/PrismLauncher/actions). These have debug information in the binaries, so their file sizes are relatively larger.

> Portable builds are provided for **Linux**, **Windows**, and **macOS**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prebuilt Development builds are provided for **Linux**, **Windows** and **macOS**.
```

[![prismlauncher-git](https://img.shields.io/badge/aur-prismlauncher--git-blue?style=flat-square&logo=archlinux&logoColor=white)](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/prismlauncher-qt5-git/) [![prismlauncher-git](https://img.shields.io/badge/aur-prismlauncher--qt5--git-blue?style=flat-square&logo=archlinux&logoColor=white)](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/prismlauncher-git/) [![prismlauncher-git](https://img.shields.io/badge/mpr-prismlauncher--git-orange?style=flat-square&logo=debian)](https://mpr.makedeb.org/packages/prismlauncher-git) [![prismlauncher-nightly](https://img.shields.io/badge/copr-prismlauncher--nightly-blue?style=flat-square&logo=fedora&logoColor=white)](https://copr.fedorainfracloud.org/coprs/g3tchoo/prismlauncher/) [![prismlauncher-nightly](https://img.shields.io/badge/OBS-prismlauncher--nightly-brightgreen?style=flat-square&logo=opensuse&logoColor=white)](https://build.opensuse.org/project/show/home:getchoo) [![prismlauncher-9999](https://img.shields.io/badge/gentoo-prismlauncher--9999-purple?style=flat-square&logo=gentoo&logoColor=white)](https://packages.gentoo.org/packages/games-action/prismlauncher)

## Community & Support

> Feel free to create a GitHub issue if you find a bug etc. We have multiple communities that can help you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to create a GitHub issue if you find a bug or want to suggest a new feature. We have multiple communities that can help you.
```

#### Join our Discord server:
[![Prism Launcher Discord server](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/1031648380885147709/widget.png?style=banner2)](https://discord.gg/prismlauncher)

#### Join our Matrix space:

> [![PrismLauncher Space](https://img.shields.io/matrix/prismlauncher:matrix.org?style=for-the-badge&logo=matrix)](https://matrix.to/#/#prismlauncher:matrix.org)

Reviewer: Mention that it's not open rn

Portable builds are provided for Linux, Windows, and macOS.

> For Arch, Debian, Fedora or Opensuse and Gentoo, respectively, you can use these packages to get compiled development versions:

Reviewer 2: maybe specify openSUSE Tumbleweed since copr only supports Leap up to 15.3 (latest is 15.4) and builds aren't enabled for that

cool pr by the way 😎

Author: Will do tomorrow then can't do that on mobile. (actually I can but I hate cli on iPad)

> For Arch, Debian, Fedora or Opensuse and Gentoo, respectively, you can use these packages to get compiled development versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Arch, Debian, Fedora or OpenSUSE and Gentoo, respectively, you can use these packages to get compiled development versions:
```
